Single confirm dialog (#1378)
primer/react: .changeset/neat-coins-mix.md

---
'@primer/components': minor
---

> adding `AlertDialog` to account for cases where only one button is needed in a dialog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `AlertDialog` component for cases where only one button is needed in a dialog.
```

Author: updated
